# HumanRightsWatch_quickdemoapp

Impromptu confession - HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH (Post)

 
ANNOTATIONS    

Dear Canada,  

There is no need to "simulate" a 3rd world country for me to see if I can tell the difference. I am. I, too, am no refugee under no conditions or circumstances. You've misplaced me into your piece of mosaic swarming with corruption, extortion, harassment, and threats on my life, all based on your malicious judgment, understandably financially-motivated dislike for immigrants, and not that of my choosing. You know full well, through your various charities and non-profs, through the many ex-cons on your unofficial payroll, who are convinced that they have no other choices left in life, and thus susceptible to being exploited to start all sorts of disruptive, diverting, and otherwise criminal offenses, you know full well how I was raised, left to fend for myself from early teens on. You know, too, that my mother effectively committed suicide (still lingering, it's an extended version that I acquired) and was not willing to give me other chances and held on to me for all her might. 

You know full well that the school that I was educated at was an exquisite example of an institution of a fine façade with rotten insides, of fine education given to offspring of foul, corrupt appointees of friendly regimes and big shots of post-Soviet businesses.   

You, and/or your allies, organized an audit in the university I applied to and subsequently received a scholarship to, all to be set up by a couple of mindless, corrupt, and greedy imbeciles who, on someone's inchoate advice, tried their best to rid the 'European' students, most of whom were studying on grants, rid them of opportunities given to ethnic nationals only, mostly Uzbek. You know the 'rituals' - how we have attempted extortion of money from, taken away, forcefully or through carefully weaved manipulation, away from our loved ones; how we were relentlessly brainwashed with bullshit propaganda of national values, ideals, and beliefs written by some shadow poets for the credit of biggest wig clown at the top. Everything is written into the code of conduct so to speak - how one should act, think, and communicate. 

But I am no fucking runaway, and so I'm being constantly put in conditions where I find myself an unwilling witness to actions I want nothing to do with or even witness. You willingly inflict harm with the long-term goal of enslaving to such a degree and magnitude from where there is no return.

You yourself start all these diversions in foreign countries to plunge them into civil wars and soften them up to the foreign occupation, invasion, or otherwise foreign aid to establish the RIGHT kind of regimes, profitable to the paying party. What do you reckon will ensue if you follow the same routine on your soil? nothing other than more jobs for police, and various 'security' service folks, willing electorate on the payroll of the paying party. Majestic.   

But hey - what's the difference here - Canada or Uzbekistan? I lived in Uzbekistan for the past 37 years notwithstanding physical migration of 16 years ago to the continent of North America, and to the glorious developed country called CANADA, which proved to be worse, at times, than cartoonish Uzbekistan itself. You employed me in companies with officers who practice 3rd world country practices such as criminal negligence, instigation, abuses of power of all degrees, white- and blue-collar crimes, discrimination, and prosecution based on social status and ethnicity. You 'bundle' me up with colleagues from who knows where whose intelligence lags behind the expectations severely, who know nothing about the western ways so to speak. all these practices are seemingly allowed to persist and even proliferate under the watchful eye of BODs and holders of shares, all mostly comprised of blue-blood Canadian folks nearing or far into retirement, who are constantly on vacations, and investing here and there as it seems out of sheer boredom. Their Chief Officers then employ their families in their peripheral businesses to channel the money towards doubtful causes that benefit none other than the COs themself. But hey - that's okay, as long as there is a promised promotion, a party of sort, or some sort of trinket gift-granted to hold on to for especially sentimental ones.  

What have I done that you treat me like that and put me through all these non-sense - what for? I immigrated when I was 21 for Pete's sake. I immigrated to a country of western values and principles, to pursue career and academic aspirations and to establish normal relationships. Instead, you've set up an obstacle course for me: 

1. Studied me even before I immigrated by sending Mr. Kamilov, my former so-called boyfriend, to stalk, harass and force unwanted marital/sexual relationships on me.  
2. You sent suspicious professors or impersonators to see which of the females or males would engage in an unlawful relationship with them; sent an ethnically Uzbek professor to extort money from exclusively European students.  
3. When in Canada, you attempted to reduce my self-confidence and sense of self-worth by throwing me into crowds of people with different ideals and values, who seemed to enjoy drinking, partying, defrauding people and altogether putting them down publicly.  
4. Continually employed me in companies corrupted by people in positions which allowed them to abuse their powers and made me an unwilling witness of their crimes, which made me change jobs more often than I wanted to or be dismissed or set up to be then dismissed based on some unrelated cause.  
5. Continually employed me at companies with ethnically skewed positions of power favored towards those of Eastern origins. 
6. Refused me normal employment and integration support with which I would be able to support myself and succeed socio-economically thereby leading to economic and physical freedoms.  
7. Allowed me to be physically and emotionally harmed, through healthcare practices, job placements, withholding information, sending ex-convicts to harass and road-rage with me resulting in damaged property and bodily harm, derailing me, diverting and otherwise undermining my time budget and efforts. 
8. Dragged me through the section of your society (a phenomenon called sectionalism) where ethnic cleansing against the white race seems to be especially in vogue and encouraged. 
9. Hijacked / secured / intercepted / intruded on my communications (phone and cable internet).  
10. All in all - put me into a position of economic and social disadvantage thereby ridding me of opportunities to establish normal social and family relationships, alienating me from the native white population, and making me an easy target for all kinds and pedigrees of Eastern folk who I have nothing to do with but possibly be employed by the same company.   

As a result, I feel stigmatized based on my place of birth, my family status, and my genetic characteristics, not to mention the overwhelming and compounded economic disadvantage that I find myself in at 37.  

Do you want me to take more formal and definitive action against my mother and her spouse, and then against my ex-husband? Alright, I could do that and give PD some food for thought so to speak. What's of that? Will it resolve a much bigger need of removing the societal stigma that seems to be etched onto my forehead for everyone to see and of taking me out of the 3rd world section of your society which seems to be miraculously integrated into a G7 country, territorially, socially, culturally, financially, in all respects and to the disadvantage of the marginalized section of society which is somehow misplaced within it? Will I get job opportunities where I, like many other white females with 15+ years of experience and education, born into wealth and privilege, enjoy without effort or asking?   

Why do we allow more opportunities and wealth to males with sit-at-home families with mouths to feed? Is it considered to be somehow shameful to choose to make all this money for myself to enjoy? Why is that that I am being marginalized on the basis of what I may need as an individual? I need 5 million in my bank account before I even get to thinking about starting a family, what's wrong with that? I have sacrificed so much to afford and accumulate wealth. I want money and comfort and I have studied hard for it. I do not see why it is I am not as, if not more, worthy of it as these people, all the while NOT sacrificing my integrity and health in the process. Instead, we let post-retirement folks waste their and others' time at work and waste time accommodating their senile requests as if they come to a family dinner party to sit by the fire and listen to youngsters tell cock-and-bull stories while they sip on tea, all the while having had produced families and with millions in their bank accounts. When will we have space for single females in their peak years to get what they want and need?   

A couple of words on HR/job placements: 
So don't get me wrong - job ads are needed but they need not be complete non-sense. I can do virtually any job, and there is no need to ask me to tell what my day looks like, how I would go about this or that or how I construct a product road map for fuck's sake. How one constructs a product roadmap can be learned off a wiki page with real-life examples and supplemented by 1 or 2 auxiliary pages in under 30 min so please dear HR - spare yourself from asking me nonsense questions.   

Instead, please busy yourself with hiring capable people and creating career plans / equal pay and other HR practices that would keep those capables employed.   How would I go about this or that - well, let me tell ya in all honesty. I would go about this or that as such - I am not interested in your vacations or your kids' sick days/birthday/wedding parties, or how you feel and what degree of migraine you've got, whatsoever. I'm not interested in seeing recreational activities at work, pets, costumes, team bonding parties, and other peripheral activities. I'm not interested in the bogus hierarchies created and recreated on a whim and organizational charts over-concocted to keep certain powers in power without regard for human aspirations, talent, or capabilities, often to the detriment of the bottom line and the end consumer.   

So what I am trying to say is that after getting my education with the uber-prestigious Queen's University, I am now a true Master of Artificial Intelligence in all aspects and perspectives, being capable and ready to be successfully employed, I am open to job opportunities so to speak. 
